# Android Architecture Components
	1. Linux Kernel
	2. Libraries
	3. Android Runtime
	4. Application Framework
	5. Application

# Linux Kernel
	- Kernel Contain all the essentials drivers and assemblers to work with Hardware.
	- Kernel Performs all the Low-Level Hardware Management Functions.
	- Linux Kernel contain a Binder framework for its Inter Process Communication.
	- Main functions of Android Kernel
		:- Memory Management
		:- Security Setting
		:- Power Management
		:- Shared Libraries
		:- Hardware Abstraction
		:- Network Stack

# Libraries Layer
	- Libraries are used to handle different type of data
	- In Android Libraries were written in C or C++ language
	- For Library writing Driver Development Kit (DDK) is used
	- Some Common Libraries for Common Data
		:- Media Manager :- Contain various Media Codec which allows recording and playback for different Media Formats.
		:- SQLite :- Light Weight Database engine to store data.
		:- WebKit :- WebKit is a browser engine that render all you webpages.
		:- OpenGL :- Render 2D and 3D Graphic Content on the Screen.
		:- SSL :- Ensure Secure Data transmission between 2 devices with help of Cryptographic Functions.
		:- FreeType :- Render Fonts on Screen

# Android Runtime (ART)
	- ART contain Core Java Libraries to execute compiled Java Code.
	- ART execute .dex files which contain compiled java code.
	- DVM (Dalvik Virtual Machine) is the Virtual Machine that execute Android applications
	- DVM was replaced by ART with release of Android v5.0 Lollipop
	- DVM and ART Execute lightweight Dalvik byte Code
	- Android application which is written in java is compiled into Java Byte Code which is then Translated into Dalvik Bytecode which is stored into .dex file.
	- Dalvik Byte Code can be efficiently execute on Low powered memory or devices.
	- Major Features of ART
		:- Improve Garbage Collection :- Reclaim unused memory occupied by objects no longer in use.
		:- Ahead-Of-Time (AOT) :- Improves App performance
		:- Enhanced Development and Debugging Experience.

# Application Framework
	- Provide Packages and their classes for developers to perform common tasks.
	- Common Application Framework
		:- Activity Manager :- Handle Activities, Services and Containing Process.
		:- Notification Manager :- Inform user about Application events and System Events.
		:- Location Manager :- Provide geographical location to applications and System.
		:- Telephone Manager :- Provide Telephonic Features for Calling
		:- Content Provider :- Helps in Data Sharing between Applications.

# Application
	- All the User Application are available at this layer
