Booting is starting up computer or electronic device. When we power up our computer device it read data stored in ROM and it contain Firmware. Firmware Initialized your hardware self-test and allow accessing other memory types like Hard Drive or Main Memory and it also loads boot loader into Main Memory and starts Executing.

# Major Components of Android Boot loader
   - **Boot Loader** :-: Bootloader is the Vendor Image file, which is responsible for loading Kernel from secondary storage into Main memory.

   - **Kernel** :-: Kernel is low level software that interface with Device Hardware with help of different Drivers. when kernel boots, it starts kernel daemons, mount root file system, Initialize I/O and Initialize Process table. kernel also starts the ***Init*** System Process.

   - **Init** :-: Like all other Linux OS, Init is the first Process in android OS. All the command for Init Process are stored in ***init.rc*** file. Init Starts Services and Native Daemons, Specify User and Group under which Those services gone work, also starts debuggers like ***adbd and debuggerd***. Native Daemons Starts Zygote Process.

   - **Zygote** :-: Zygote is the VM Process that starts with system boot. zygote start additional services and load libraries used by android framework. Zygote Process then acts as a loader for different Dalvik Process by creating copies of itself or by Forking. Zygote other major task is to start ***System_Server*** Process. This System_Server Process then starts all different so-called managers in Android like :-:
         1. Activity managers
         2. Notification managers
         3. Telephone managers
         4. Resource managers

   - Once system Services up and running in memory, “ACTION_BOOT_COMPLETED” standard broadcast action will fire.
