# Major Files and Folders Included in an APK File  
   1. **Android Manifest** --> The manifest file describes essential information about your app to the Android build tools, the Android operating system, and Google Play.
      **Manifest file is required to declare following**
         :-: Activities
         :-: Services
         :-: Broadcast/Receivers
         :-: Content Providers
         :-: Application Details like Version, Min. SDK, Target SDK, Package name, Application name, etc.
         :-: Permissions
         :-: Hardware and software features the app requires.

   2. **Resources** --> Resources are the additional files and static content that your code uses, such as bitmaps, layout definitions, user interface strings, animation instructions, and more.
      **Resource Directories Supported inside Project res/ directory**
         :-: *animator/* :-: Contain XML File define property animations.
         :-: *color* :-: XML File that define a state list of colors.
         :-: *drawable* :-: Bitmap files or XML Files that are compiled into drawable resource subtypes.
         :-: *mipmap* :-: Drawable files for different launcher icon densities
         :-: *layout* :-: XML files that define a user interface layout.
         :-: *menu* :-: XML files that define app menus, such as an Options Menu, Context Menu, or Sub Menu.
         :-: *value* :-: XML files that contain simple values, such as strings, integers, colors, and themes.
         :-: *font* :-: Font files with extensions such as .ttf, .otf, or .ttc, or XML files that include a <font-family> element.

   3. **Java Code** --> This Folder Contain All your Application Code.
