# Android File System :-: Android is Linux based OS, so it follows Linux file structure. In every Android system there are six main partitions on every device:-
	1. *Boot* :-: This Partition Contain the Kernel, ramdisk, and other files which are used to boot device when powered On.
	2. *System* :-: System partition contain OS Files. This Partition contain Device ROM which include the Android UI and Pre-Installed Application.
	3. *Recovery* :-: Recovery Partition contain all user recovery and system recovery files.
	4. *Data* :-: This Data partition saves user data ranging from contacts and messages to apps and music. This is the Only Partition Which is accessible to user if device is not rooted.
		:-: File Manager display content inside **/data/media/0/** folder
		:-: This Data folder is wiped when performing Factory Reset.
	5. *Cache* :-: This Contain Frequently used data and app components here. This can be wiped to fix certain issues and is automatically rebuilt and updated over time.
	6. *Misc* :-: This Partition contains other important system setting information, such as a USB configuration, Carrier ID, and other hardware settings.


# Some Linux File System Folders:-:
	1. *Bin* :-: This Folder Contain all the executable files. Such as ls, rm, cat, cat, etc.
	2. *Dev* :-: This Folder Contain Device Drivers. like STDIO drivers, Power Management drivers, network drivers, screen drivers, CPU Drivers, Binders, etc.
	3. *Etc* :-: This Folder contain Supervisor directory commands, configuration files, disk configuration files, valid user lists, groups, ethernet, hosts, where to send critical messages, etc.
	4. *Mnt* :-: This folder is used to mount other external file storage like SD-card or Pendrive.
	5. *Proc* :-: Contain System and Application Process Information.
	6. *Tmp* :-: contain Temporary files between System boots.
	7. *Lost+Found* :-: If the file system crashes, a file system check will be performed at next boot. Any corrupted files found will be placed in the lost+found directory, so you can attempt to recover as much data as possible.
